add SECURITY_STRICT macro for build options (#200)
OpenVisualCloud/Dockerfiles: doc/cmake.md

Use the following definitions to customize the building process:   

> - **SECURITY_STRICT**: Specify the secuirty strict build options: ```Yes``` or ```No```. Default is ```No```. Currently secuirity strict build disable LAME from the images.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SECURITY_STRICT**: Specify the security strict build options: `Yes` or `No`. Default is `No`. Currently security strict will disable building LAME from the images.   
```

Author: Correct typo. Thanks!
